## Notes for Week 6 (15 March 2022)

Date:           15 March 2022\
Main focus:     Demonstration of The Current State of The App\
Chair:          Nguyen Duy Anh Quan\
Note taker:     Mert Bora İnevi


# Opening
Everyone was here. Alexandru joined online.

# Approval of the agenda
Nobody had negative comments about the agenda. We moved on with Quan's original version.

# Points of action

## Review BuddyChecks
- Natalia: Make sure to keep with the weekly code contributions. The more you slack the worse it gets.
- Please seek help if you feel detached from the group or the work.
- The team needs to improve their communication skills in general.
## Review HCI Report
No comments about the HCI report in terms of the rubric.
## Give a demo of the app
- The GameService.createGame method is problematic. See the server exceptions in the latest server-session-management
## Discuss the current progress of the app
Anton: This week will be the week we do some work.
- Add assignees to issues. Natalia says it will be much better for our organization. Especially this week, distributing the challenge equally is important.
- Write more tests. Testing the client is also important and actually beneficial because it gives a lot of code contribution points. Natalia has stressed writing tests twice.
- Make sure to have Javadoc, because it helps you to get to code later which starts to produce errors a few weeks later.
- Pay more attention to code reviews. Everyone needs to take part. Do not hesitate to comment on even single things like unused imports. Also making comments like “looks good” makes you as responsible for the code as who wrote it.
- Reply to comments on merge requests so the assessors see some discussion going on. Finally, to have more discussion open the merge request as soon as you start programming and have discussions about the code being written on there instead of WhatsApp or Discord, and commit more often so you are open to more ideas from the team by who can see what you can’t see and can maybe guide you to a better direction.
- To check for pipeline errors before committing: `.\gradlew build --warning-mode all`


# Action points for next week (Scrum board)
- The 8 issues of this week are distributed in 3-3-2 for three groups of 3 people. The aim is to catch back up with the sprint schedule.

# Any other business
- The BuddyCheck review review assignment is due 1 April 2022.

# Questions for the TA
> How will the final submission look like?

 The final submission requires a video and a presentation. The presentation is about the product and our teamwork and progress- features of the app, what is done and what is omitted, how the work is distributed, the communication, keeping track of deadlines. There will also be a Q&A session about the code. See MyTimeTable for details.
